Chapter 19 Updates (#162)
LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-development: src/chapters/auth/configuration.rst

``ConfigureServices()``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Now that we are getting to configure our user, let's check out the code in ``ConfigureServices()``.
Earlier you may have added the following:

.. sourcecode:: csharp
   :linenos:

   services.AddDefaultIdentity<IdentityUser>
   (options =>
   {
      options.SignIn.RequireConfirmedAccount = true;
      options.Password.RequireDigit = false;
      options.Password.RequiredLength = 10;
      options.Password.RequireNonAlphanumeric = false;
      options.Password.RequireUppercase = true;
      options.Password.RequireLowercase = false;

>    }).AddEntityFrameworkStores<JobDbContext>();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   }).AddEntityFrameworkStores<EventDbContext>();
```

This code is dictating the settings for account creation. Right now, for a user to create an account, they have to have the following:

#. They have to click a link to confirm their account.
#. Their password has to be more than 10 characters long.
#. Their password has to include an uppercase letter(s).

The following is not true for a user to create an account.

#. Their password does not have to include a number.
#. Their password does not have to include a special character such as a question mark.
#. Their password does not have to include lowercase letters.

These are just some basic requirements that can be changed to suit the needs of your application.

> For a full list of the default settings for users' passwords and how we can change those settings, check out the `documentation <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.identity.passwordoptions?view=aspnetcore-3.1>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full list of the default settings for users' passwords and how we can change those settings, check out the `documentation <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.identity.passwordoptions?view=aspnetcore-6.0>`__.
```

.. admonition:: Note

   If you want to customize user data, it is best to do so when initially scaffolding the app.
   `IdentityUser <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.identity.entityframeworkcore.identityuser?view=aspnetcore-1.1>`__ has a number of properties that are important and relevant to storing user data.
   However, when you read through the requirements you may notice that you need additional properties, such as the user's first and last name.

>    If you want to add custom properties, check out this `article <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/add-user-data?view=aspnetcore-5.0&tabs=visual-studio>`__ from Microsoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you want to add custom properties, check out this `article <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/add-user-data?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio>`__ from Microsoft.
```
